MAN 1: Guardian
of the universe.
MAN 2: Protecting us
against the forces of evil.
MAN 3: The superpowers
of this man...
MAN 4: He can
catch a bullet,
halt a speeding train.
MAN 5: And leap tall
buildings in a single bound.
Up in the sky...
MAN 6: Is it a bird?
MAN 7: A mailman by day...
MAN 8: City's guardian
by night.
MAN 9: Defending
the citizens of New York
from the forces of evil.
MAN 10: The world has been
protected by a group of
extraordinary men and women
who have dedicated themselves
to fighting crime.
MAN 11: Mysterious traveler
from another dimension.
MAN 12: He has powers
far beyond the capabilities
of mere earthlings.
NARRATOR: I always
wondered why nobody
did it before me.
I mean, all those
comic books, movies,
TV shows,
you'd think that
one eccentric loner
would have made
himself a costume.
I mean, is everyday life
really so exciting?
Are schools and offices
so thrilling
that I'm the only one
who ever fantasized
about this?
Come on,
be honest with yourself.
At some point in our lives,
we all wanted to
be a superhero.
(PEOPLE EXCLAIMING)
That's not me, by the way.
That's some Armenian guy
with a history of
mental health problems.
Who am I? I'm Kick-Ass.
That's me,
back before any of
this crazy shit happened.
I guess I was
the last person you'd expect
to become a superhero.
I'm not saying
there was anything
wrong with me,
but there was
nothing special, either.
GIRL: Asshole.
I wasn't into sports.
I wasn't a mathlete
or a hardcore gamer.
I didn't have a piercing
or an eating disorder
or 3,000 friends on MySpace.
My only superpower
was being invisible
to girls.
And out of my friends, man,
I wasn't even the funny one.
Like most people my age,
I just existed.
Good morning,
class.
Please open
your books to
Act 2, Scene 2.
DAVE: Kick in
my bedroom door, and you'd
probably find me watching TV
or talking to
my friend Todd
on Skype...
Are you watching
Family Guy?
Nope.
Me, either.
Check out nippleslip.com.
It's good.
DAVE: ...or jerking off,
mostly to my English teacher.
Dave Lizewski.
Don't think I haven't
noticed you looking
at my tits, Dave.
(MOANS) I want
your hands
all over me, Dave.
Please.
DAVE: Sure, a lot of
what got me through
the average school day
was making deposits
in the whack-off
warehouse for later.
Though to be honest,
it didn't take
much to set me off.
I swear,
when my hormones
balance out,
shares in Kleenex
are gonna take
a dive, man.
Dave Lizewski,
shouldn't you be looking
at Hamlet right now?
Yes, Mrs. Zane.
I'm sorry.
DAVE: But don't
get me wrong.
I like girls
my own age, too.
Especially Katie Deauxma.
Hey, gorgeous.
Hey.
(CHUCKLES)
Oh, no.
You meant Erika.
I know. I knew that.
I was just kidding.
Okay, cool.
Oh, my God.
(BOTH GIGGLING)
Hey. Look,
I'm Todd's mom.
(CHUCKLES)
That's funny.
This is your dad.
No, that's still
my mom, actually.
(LAUGHS)
What the fuck!
DAVE: I was just
a regular guy.
No radioactive spiders,
no refugee status
from a doomed alien world.
You know what?
Todd said they do still
make Count Chocula.
They just don't sell it
at the store anymore.
DAVE: My mother was
killed by an aneurism
in the kitchen...
Mom?
...as opposed to
a gunman in the alley.
So if you were
hoping for any,
"I will avenge you,
Mother!"
you're out of luck.
In the 18 months
since my mother died,
the only epiphany I had
Did they change
the bee's face?
No.
How come nobody's
ever tried to be
a superhero?
MARTY: Boy,
I don't know.
Probably 'cause it's
fucking impossible, dipshit.
What, putting on a mask
and helping people?
How's that impossible?
That's not
superhero, though.
How is that super?
Super's like
being stronger
than everybody
and flying and shit.
That's just hero.
No, it's not even hero.
It's just fucking psycho.
Mmm.
Hello? Bruce Wayne?
He didn't have any powers.
Yes, but he had all
the expensive shit
that doesn't exist.
I thought you meant,
like, "How come nobody
does it in real life?"
Yeah, Todd,
that's what I meant.
Dude, if anybody
did it in real life,
they'd get their ass kicked.
They'd be dead in,
like, a day.
A day.
Yeah, okay,
I'm not saying
they should do it.
I just can't figure out
why nobody does.
Seriously, out of all
the millions of people
who love superheroes,
you'd think one
would give it a try.
Jesus, guys,
does it not bug you?
Why thousands of people
wanna be Paris Hilton
and nobody wants
to be Spider-Man?
Yeah, what's with that?
She has, like,
no tits at all.
Maybe it's the porn tape.
He doesn't have
a porn tape.
You guys never saw
One Night in Spider-Man?
(LAUGHING)
(EXCLAIMS)
Guess who?
Is it me or do you
kind of feel sorry
for Chris D'Amico?
Yeah, it must be terrible
to have a rich dad
and everything you want.
I wish you wouldn't
have said anything
cause I feel like
I'm gonna start crying.
Right.
The fact that he's
always on his own?
We should, like, talk
to him. See if he wants
to hang out with us.
I didn't say we should
talk to him. I just...
Think about it.
Come on, it'd
be awesome.
If he was our friend,
no one would ever
fuck with us again.
Well, go on then,
Todd. You wanna...
I can get up.
No, no...
You wanna go
talk to him?
I can move.
Dave...
Dave should go.
Why?
Dave, you should
totally go.
Go.
You're a dick.
Don't be afraid, Dave.
You're a pussy.
Fuck off.
(BOTH LAUGHING)
MARTY: Did you spray
anything over there?
Yeah, I think
I might have just shat
in my pants a little.
See you later.
God, see you.
If that guy would
have spoken to me
like that,
I would have
kicked his ass.
Todd, when have you ever
kicked anyone's ass?
Whatever, man.
I would have just
gone for his knees.
You're not
making sense.
What I'm saying is
the centrifugal force
of Batman's batarang
would undoubtedly
penetrate the Joker's
force field,
leaving him totally
vulnerable to the...
All right...
THUG: Whoa, whoa, whoa.
Pussy patrol.
Fuck.
Phones, money.
Dude, not again,
come on.
Phone.
TODD: I don't have one.
Someone else
jacked it last week.
Pussy.
Give me the bag.
It's just comics.
Yo, you want
to get cut?
DAVE: Look at this
asshole just watching.
Come on, be honest
with yourself.
Would you do
anything differently?
We see someone in trouble
and we wish we could help,
but we don't.
The world I lived in,
heroes only existed
in comic books.
And I guess that
would have been okay
if bad guys
were make-believe, too.
But they're not.
TRE: Frankie,
I'm telling you, man,
I swear I'm not
making this up.
This fucking guy
comes out of nowhere,
kicks our asses,
and steals
all the coke.
FRANK: This would be
the guy that looks
like Batman?
I didn't say he
looked like Batman.
You did, Tre.
You said the guy
looked like Batman.
He said like
a mask and stuff.
And a cape.
Yeah, like Batman.
TRE: I didn't say
"Like Batman."
I never said "Batman."
Okay.
Let me tell you
the problem I got
with that, Tre.
Our mole with the Russians
tells things
a little different.
According to him,
you sold him my coke
and you took the money.
That's a fucking lie!
I can't believe
that you would believe
this shit from
a fucking Russian, man!
Let me see, Tre.
Hey, what's more
likely, huh?
That you're
a greedy little
cocksucker
or all my coke was
stolen by Superman?
Batman.
I never said Batman!
Enough!
Now my son is
waiting out there
in the car to
go to the movies,
and I ain't gonna
disappoint him.
Joe, you're in charge.
TRE: Frank... Frankie!
JOE: That's gotta be
the worst fucking excuse
I ever heard, Tre.
(SCREAMING)
(SIGHS)
Sorry you had to
wait, buddy.
The movie is
starting in 10 minutes.
It's okay. We're cool.
We're only gonna
miss the trailers.
Yeah. But I want to
get some popcorn.
When we get in there,
get Chris some popcorn.
Okay?
TRE: You fucking
motherfuckers!
What do you want to drink?
You want a Pepsi?
Yeah, that's fine.
Get him a Pepsi,
and I'll have an Icee.
Mixed.
Like when they mix
the red one
and the blue one.
(GUNSHOT)
And a pack of Twizzlers.
DAVE: The comic books
had it wrong.
It didn't take a trauma
or cosmic rays
or a power ring to
make a superhero.
Just the perfect combination
of optimism and naivety.
(EXCLAIMS)
You are fucking awesome.
Come on then, bring it on!
(KISSES)
Daddy, I'm scared.
Come on, Mindy, honey.
Be a big girl now.
There's nothing
to be afraid of.
Is it gonna hurt bad?
Oh, child.
Only for a second, sugar.
A handgun bullet
travels at... More than?
700 miles an hour.
So at close range
like this,
the force is
gonna take you off
your feet for sure,
but it's really
no more painful than
a punch in the chest.
I hate getting
punched in the chest.
(COCKING)
You're gonna be fine,
baby doll.
(COUGHS)
How was that?
Not so bad.
Kind of fun, huh?
Now you know how it feels.
You won't be scared
when some junkie
asshole pulls a Glock.
I wouldn't have
been scared anyways.
That's my girl.
All right,
up you get.
Come on.
Two more rounds
and then home.
Again?
Uh-huh.
Look, only if we can
go by the bowling alley
on the way back.
The bowling alley?
Yeah. And ice cream after.
Huh.
Okay. Two more rounds.
No wincing, no whining,
and you got yourself
a deal, young lady.
Yeah! I'm gonna get
a hot fudge sundae.
Good call,
baby doll.
So, have you thought
a little more about
what you might want
for your birthday?
Can I get a puppy?
You wanna get a dog?
Yeah, a cuddly,
fluffy one.
And a Bratz Movie
Star Makeover Sasha.
(LAUGHS)
I'm just fucking
with you, Daddy.
Look, I'd love
a Benchmade Model
42 butterfly knife.
Oh, child.
You always
knock me for a loop.
You know what?
What?
I'm gonna
get you two.
Two?
One balisong.
Two balisong.
That's what you get.
(LAUGHS)
GIRL: "The glass of fashion
and the mold of form
"The observed
of all observers
quite, quite down!
"And I, of ladies
most deject
and wretched..."
DAVE: I'll be honest,
there wasn't a whole lot
of crime-fighting in
those first few weeks.
But even so,
my new vocation
kept me plenty busy.
(GRUNTING)
Shit.
I called it preparation.
But if you
called it fantasizing,
it would have
been hard to argue.
All I knew was
I'd never felt so
good about myself.
(EXCLAIMS IN FEAR)
Fuck!
Okay, maybe I was still
in the beta-testing phase,
but it was a start.
What the fuck
are you looking at?
Nothing.
Get the fuck
out of here.
DAVE: Like every serial killer
already knew,
eventually, fantasizing
just doesn't do it
for you anymore.
It was time to engage.
Hurry up, man.
What the fuck?
(LAUGHING)
What the fuck
you looking at?
I said, what
the fuck are you
looking at?
Two cheap-shit losers
screwing with a car
that someone probably
worked their ass off
to pay for.
Say what?
Leave it be, man.
This motherfucker
is obviously high.
I'm not high.
I just think it sucks
you guys think you
can do what you want.
Just walk away
from the car and
we can forget about this.
You're crazy,
man.
Fuck this shit.
(STABS)
(GASPS)
(GROANING)
Shit!
Let's get
out of here!
(CONTINUES GROANING)
(SIREN BLARING)
DAVE: I came around
for just long enough
to beg the medic
not to tell anybody
about the costume.
He promised he wouldn't.
All I knew was
my dad was gonna kill me.
DOORMAN: Why can't
I have a gun?
I'm a security guard.
JOE: You're a doorman now.
You don't get
a gun no more.
Look at me.
I look like a putz.
You look sharp.
Look at all them buttons.
Do your job.
Open the fucking door.
(BEEPS)
Have a nice day.
Good morning, Frank.
Hey, Joe,
how you doing?
Great.
Want some coffee?
Uh, maybe later.
Morning, Ange.
Good morning.
JOE: Chris.
Good morning, Joe.
Frank, we got a thing.
It's a big thing, Frank.
Okay.
Sorry, hon.
Do what you got to do.
Chris, where do you
think you're going?
I got to talk to Dad.
Christopher.
ANGIE: Frank, honey!
FRANK: Where do you
think you're going?
I don't...
I don't mind you
talking business, Dad.
I was just gonna
sit in there quietly.
I mean, I should probably
start learning this
stuff anyway, right?
Hey, go finish
your oatmeal.
God damn it! I'm gonna
be 18 in eight months,
for Christ's sakes.
Fuck.
Take a seat.
So what's the problem?
Our Russian says
that Tre just sold him
another five keys
at half price.
Which Tre?
Tre Tre?
Right. Dead Tre.
So now I'm getting
fucked in the ass
by a ghost?
Or Tre was
telling the truth.
What, this is my choice,
I gotta believe in
ghosts or superheroes?
Well, not the part about
the superhero, Frankie,
but just that
he might have really been
gaffled by somebody.
I think we'd better
invite our Russian over
for a friendly chat,
see what's
really going on.
(BEEPS)
Hey, early birdie.
Aw! You beat me to it.
I wanted to get you
breakfast this morning.
(BOTH LAUGHING)
Happy birthday,
sweetheart.
Check this out.
(GASPS)
Oh, thank you,
thank you, thank you!
Oh, my gosh.
Dad.
Wow.
Watch, Dad.
Okay, pop quiz.
What's the proper name
for one of those?
Easy, balisong.
It's Filipino.
Ask me another.
Excellent, good.
The AR-15 was a lighter,
smaller caliber version
of what design?
Eugene Stoner's AR-10.
Now give me a hard one.
The name of
John Woo's first
full-length feature?
Tie han rou qing,
The Young Dragons.
Daddy, look.
Hey, come on,
you're not looking.
CHRIS: The point is,
some fucker is
killing our guys.
Until we find
out who that is,
I don't wanna see
any of you bitches
sitting around on
your asses, all right?
What the fuck do you...
(PHONE RINGING)
Hello?
Hey, Joe, yeah.
No, he's just
training right now.
One second.
Dad, phone!
Dad, the phone's
for you.
Who is it?
It's Joe.
What's the problem?
JOE: Yeah, Frank,
turns out we ain't got
the vise here no more.
Really?
Uh-uh.
But we do got
a brand-new
industrial microwave.
They use it for
treating the lumber.
Well, that is neat.
I think you must
be confusing me
with someone
who gives a shit
about the fucking lumber!
Yeah, okay,
all right, Frank.
All right, I'm sorry.
I'm sorry, okay?
...get the information.
All right, okay!
All right, come on.
Go ahead.
RUSSIAN: Hey, look, the guys
tell me he's Tre Fernandez.
What do I know?
Shut up.
Now you say
Fernandez is dead.
Get inside. Shut up!
Okay, no, he lied!
He lie about...
Fucking mamaluke.
He lied!
Does this work
like a regular
microwave or what?
Fuck do I know?
We're not making
a fucking
Hungry-Man dinner here.
Just turn it on.
Here we go.
Okay, I wanna know
who sold you our coke.
And don't tell me somebody
who's dead this time.
(MUFFLED) Can he
hear you? I don't think
he can hear you.
(MUFFLED) I said,
who really sold
you our coke?
Who
sold you
our coke?
(BOTH EXCLAIMING)
(MEN LAUGHING)
Shit. Shit.
(MICROWAVE DINGS)
DAVE: This is awesome!
I look like
fricking Wolverine.
They still have
that metal detector
at your school?
Yeah, it's gonna
have a meltdown.
Dave, I need to
ask you something.
Okay.
The police report,
they found you naked.
You said you
didn't remember why.
The muggers, they didn't...
What?
No! Jesus.
No, I...
I wasn't even...
In the ambulance,
they threw
my clothes away
cause of the blood.
Right.
Okay, okay.
Dad. Dad.
DAVE: Seemed like
no time at all before
I was back on my feet.
Dave's what?
Shh.
Not now.
DAVE: Apart from some
messed up nerve endings,
the doctors had managed
to fix me up pretty good.
Did you
feel that?
No.
You're like fucking
Jason Bourne or something,
man. That owns.
How about that?
No, Marty!
Give it
a fucking rest, man.
I've only been
back half a day,
and you're already
making me miss
the hospital.
He's right.
I'm sorry. I'm acting
totally childish.
Stop with the fork.
I apologize.
(FRIENDS LAGHING)
Hey.
Dave, hey.
Oh. Hey.
How are you?
You look better.
I'm good.
Yeah, much better.
Hey, you're into
comic books, aren't you?
Well, me and Erika
sometimes hang out
after school
at this really great
store Atomic Comics.
They make the best
white chocolate
mocha latte.
Yeah?
Well, I could buy you
one sometime if you,
you know, like,
need someone
to talk to.
Sure. Thank you.
Okay, sweet.
Well, I'll
see you later.
Mmm.
Man, did you
see that?
Yeah.
Katie Deauxma
just offered to
buy me coffee.
Yeah. You know,
I really don't think
that's what it looks like.
What are you
talking about?
The point is,
Katie Deauxma's all
about the lame ducks.
What's this got
to do with me?
I've been
trying to figure out
how to tell you this.
There's a rumor
going around...
Right.
...that you...
What?
...are gay.
Gay?
What kind of
rumor is that?
Well, you know,
I mean,
getting mugged...
You guys have
been mugged!
Yeah, I know, but,
you know, we
didn't get beat up
and have all our
clothes taken off.
That's not even true.
The medic threw
my clothes away.
You know,
don't worry about it.
Rumors don't mean shit.
We know
the truth. Yeah.
Right?
And who knows,
buddy, this might
even get you laid.
No, not if she
thinks he's gay, Todd.
You fucking retard.
Thanks, Marty,
this is really
fucking helping me.
MARTY: I'm just
being honest!
(GRUNTING)
DAVE: I was getting
back to my old self.
I should have quit,
of course,
but you can't just
reprogram yourself.
What you want, who you are,
your purpose in life.
Oh, no, I'm just
standing around,
you know.
No, I'm not!
It is what it is.
How about that, huh?
Oh, yeah.
Didn't see that,
did you?
I think it's best
that you just walk away.
Well, maybe you
shouldn't do that.
What? Are you looking at me?
Well, this is my business.
(CAMERA CLICKING)
Me? My hardware was fixed now.
I was back and running
Kick-Ass version 2.0.
Excuse me,
have you seen
this cat?
No.
No? Okay, thank you.
Excuse me, ma'am.
Have you seen this cat?
I'm sorry.
Did you see
this cat?
No? Okay.
(MEN PANTING)
(CAT MEOWS)
Oh, great.
Here, kitty.
Here, Mr. Bitey.
(SCREAMS)
Come on...
No, no, no, no, no!
No, no, no.
Mr. Bitey, come on.
Back here, come on.
Let's get you home.
Come on.
(GRUNTING)
(EXCLAIMS)
Fuck you, Mr. Bitey!
Oh, God,
I'm so sorry, man.
You fucking green...
Get up.
Get him up.
Thanks, freak.
Hey, leave him alone!
Fuck off, man.
It's none of
your business!
(GRUNTING)
Yes, it is.
Hey! Call 911!
Hey, there's
a dude dressed like
a superhero out there
fighting
a bunch of guys.
It's fucking awesome!
Leave him alone!
(SHOUTING)
(PANTING)
Give it up, man.
Just walk away.
No. Never.
What the fuck is
wrong with you, man?
You'd rather die
for some piece of shit
that you don't
even fucking know?
And three assholes
laying into one guy
while everybody
else watches,
and you want to know
what's wrong with me?
Yeah, I'd rather die.
So bring it on!
You're fucking crazy, kid.
Fuck.
VICTIM: Thank you.
What?
Thank you.
That fucking rocked.
Who are you?
I'm Kick-Ass.
Dude, you gotta
check this shit out.
What is it?
NEWSCASTER ON TV: ...on
the latest corruption scandal.
And coming up after the hour,
a costumed vigilante
has become the latest
Internet phenomenon
after a Hamilton Park resident
filmed the man's
remarkable intervention
in a gang-related
attack last week.
This is awesome.
Fuck, yeah.
Welcome to this
special edition
of Eye on New York.
How far would you go
to help your fellow man?
This colorful individual
has been all over
the news this week
after a video of
his intervention
of street-gang violence
became the most-watched clip
on the Internet.
DAVE ON VIDEO: Three assholes
laying into one guy while...
DAVE: My MySpace, 38 friends.
Kick-Ass's MySpace,
16,000 and counting.
This thing was going crazy,
and I was loving it.
NEWSCASTER: And finally,
we want to know
who is this man?
Does anyone have
any idea who this
wetsuit crusader is?
He must be someone's son,
someone's brother,
someone's
next-door neighbor.
Holy shit.
Have you seen him?
What happened?
This guy happened.
CRAIG: It's a great day
for America, everybody.
Yeah, everybody's
favorite superhero
right now, Kick-Ass, right?
Kick-Ass! Yeah!
I like Kick-Ass!
His costume is crappy.
He looks like
a transvestite...
You know what?
Everyone likes Kick-Ass.
Did you see the clip?
He was actually pretty good.
Good at getting
his ass kicked.
He should call
himself Ass-Kick
instead. (LAUGHS)
That doesn't even
make sense.
CRAIG: ...transvestite
that is Kick-Ass
will take you down, I say!
That guy's gonna
end up dead,
that's what I think.
Are you serious?
The guy owns.
I'd e-mail his site
if I had a problem
worth fixing.
What? Are you kidding me?
I got 100 guys
who can fix a problem,
you'd hire some
putz in pantyhose?
Well, I wouldn't
wanna get in the way
of your business,
where I'm not wanted.
CRAIG: Please, I know
you have mistaken me
for Kick-Ass,
but I am not Kick-Ass.
You don't actually
read comics?
Yeah, I just started.
I got recommended some.
Like Scott Pilgrim
and Shojo Beat,
that kind of thing.
I'm not really
into the whole
superhero thing, though.
So I guess you're
not gonna line up
for that new
Kick-Ass comic then?
I guess not.
But you know what?
I was seriously thinking
of mailing his site.
I mean, I could really
use some help
from a guy like
that right now.
Help? Really?
What with?
You know I volunteer
at the needle exchange.
No, I didn't.
Well, there's this
one guy Rasul,
and I felt so sorry for him.
And the more I found out
about his upbringing
and stuff, I just...
Wow, that's weird.
I'm usually the one
playing therapist.
Can I make
a confession?
Ever since I was little,
I've always wanted a friend
like you.
Is it okay
to say that?
Yeah.
I mean, that's not
homophobic, is it?
I mean, I don't think
you're all the same
or anything.
(EXCLAIMS)
Of course not, no.
Thank you.
DAVE: I don't know if
I was everything
Katie had always dreamed
her gay BFF would be,
but I tried my best.
But more importantly,
I talked her into
mailing Kick-Ass.
Long story short,
this particular
lame duck of hers
turned out to be
more of a lame cobra.
She didn't want
the money back
that she'd given him
or an apology
for the black eye
he'd given her.
She just wanted him
to get that
they were through
and leave her alone.
And let's be real,
no other request
could have given me
more pleasure.
(LAUGHS)
Who the fuck are
you supposed to be,
the Green Condom?
You know it ain't
Halloween for another
few months, kid?
I'm here to see Rasul.
Who the fuck
are you?
I'm... I'm a
friend of Katie's.
Kids nowadays
in their tights.
So, which one of
you guys is Rasul?
I'm Rasul. Can't you
tell by my big titties?
What is this?
Trick or treat
or something?
Fuck! Now I'm dead.
I have a message
for Rasul about
Katie Deauxma.
Katie?
You're Rasul?
Okay. You gotta stay
away from Katie now.
It's over.
So if you just
leave her alone,
everything will be fine.
What?
Yo, kid,
who the hell are you?
And what is this?
I'm Kick-Ass.
Look me up.
And this is me
giving you a message.
Leave Katie alone.
Or what?
Or I'll come back
and break your
fucking legs.
I'm right here now, baby.
What's up?
(SHOUTING IN PAIN)
(SCREAMS)
Oh, fuck!
Hold him.
You are so
fucking dead, man.
Okay, you cunts,
let's see what
you can do now.
Eeny, meeny,
miny, moe.
(BANANA SPLITS
TRA LA LA SONG PLAYING)
Oh, shit!
What the fuck?
(GROANS)
(EXCLAIMS)
(WHIMPERS)
Hey, I got one of those.
Come on.
So you want to play.
(WOMAN SCREAMING)
What the fuck?
Oh, dude, that is
one gay-looking Taser.
Relax, we're on
the same team.
Hey, get up.
No...
(GUN FIRES)
(GASPS)
Now, Hit Girl,
we always keep
our backs where?
To the wall,
Daddy. I know.
It won't happen again.
Nice shot, by the way.
Thank you.
Let's go.
Hey, hey, asshole.
Can't use the
front door now.
Wait, wait, wait!
What?
Who are you?
Me?
I'm Hit Girl.
And that's
Big Daddy.
Come on.
Come on!
(SIRENS WAILING)
DAVE: Hit Girl and Big Daddy,
they were the real deal.
Me?
I was just a stupid dick
in a wetsuit.
(SIGHS)
What is this?
What am I looking at here?
It was Sal's phone.
They found it in his hand.
He must have taken that
right before he died.
I know this sounds
fucked up, Frankie,
but that guy
in the picture,
I think it's that
superhero nutjob
from the TV.
Who?
Kick-Ass?
One guy?
Hold on, you're telling me
one guy killed
eight of my men tonight?
(SPEAKING ITALIAN)
Eight at Sal's place,
four at that kid Rasul's.
We have no merchandise
on the street at all?
Right.
One guy?
I think.
Man, if you're right,
we're gonna look like
the biggest bunch of
pussies in New York.
What do you
want me to do?
I want Kick-Ass's
fucking head
on a stick,
and I want it now.
(EXCLAIMS IN SHOCK)
I didn't say
anything to anyone,
I swear.
Good move, Ass-Kick.
Let's keep it that way.
You know
what this is?
It's all the cartridge
crap that comes out
of your gay little Taser
when you fire it.
You do know the police
could have traced this
right back to you
if they'd found it?
But lucky for you,
I picked it up.
Thank you.
Let's call it insurance.
Makes it easier for us
to take your word.
See, we like you,
but we don't trust you.
Don't take it
personal, though.
We don't trust anybody.
I rerouted your
IP address. Finding you
was way too easy.
Oh, shit. Shit,
I hadn't thought...
My God, I...
I owe you.
You know what?
I'm thinking of
just shutting my
site down anyway.
Quitting.
I mean, this is...
It's fucking insane.
I'm in way over my head.
It's a shame.
You have potential.
Your call,
but you know we're
around if you need us.
How do I get
a hold of you?
You just contact
the mayor's office.
He has a special signal
he shines in the sky.
It's in the shape
of a giant cock.
You need us,
put on your website
that you're on vacation.
We'll find you.
Hit Girl,
back to headquarters.
Sweet dreams.
I need you to get
rid of Kick-Ass.
GIGANTE ON PHONE: Yo. Whoa,
whoa, whoa. What's up?
What's up?
Kick-Ass is killing
my men, Gigante,
that's what's up.
My condolences, Frank.
But I'm afraid
I can't help you
out on this one.
Little bit outside
my jurisdiction.
Outside your jurisdiction?
You're a fucking cop,
and he's breaking the law.
That's so inside
your jurisdiction,
it's ball-deep in
your jurisdiction's ass.
Listen, cops pay me
to nail the bad guys,
you pay me not to.
Everything else is
in the gray area.
Yeah. Fuck you
very much, Vic.
Just do it, okay?
Un-fucking-believable.
Where's Cody? He's late.
DAMON: Thank you, Cody.
We appreciate
your co-operation.
Let me out now?
I gave you all them
names and addresses.
Hey, I won't say
nothing to nobody.
You and your
crazy midget friend
can go bash
whoever you want...
Hey, come on.
Hey, I know some
very bad people uptown,
really nasty individuals.
Let me go. Hey, come on!
Hey, don't do this!
You don't need to do this!
Come on.
Oh, shit... Please!
Hey! God!
No, please, please!
Come on, no, no!
(SCREAMING)
What a douche.
You have done self tan
before, right?
Yeah, like,
I do it all the time.
DAVE: Murder, superheroes
breaking into my bedroom,
my life had turned into
some fucked-up dream
I couldn't wake up from.
Even the good parts
were totally surreal.
Oh, hey, I read those
old Ditko Spider-Mans
you gave me.
They're actually
pretty good.
Yeah, they are.
And it's been
a whole week since
I've heard from Rasul.
That's great.
DAMON: Once upon a time,
there were two supercops,
called Daddy and Marcus,
who were very good
at getting bad guys.
Frank D'Amico
was the baddest guy
of them all,
and he came up with a plan
to get rid of Daddy.
Being framed as a drug dealer
was the worst possible thing
that could have
happened to Daddy.
Prison was not
his natural habitat.
He was very upset.
With Daddy in prison,
his pregnant wife
was all alone
and could not cope.
But all clouds
have a silver lining,
and out of her death,
Mindy was born!
Marcus became
the child's guardian,
and Daddy started
a plan of his very own.
Five years later,
he left prison,
and he was ready.
Now, it was time for
Mindy to get ready, too.
(GUN COCKS)
How'd you find me,
Marcus?
One of us is
still a cop, remember?
Is this how you
brainwashed Mindy?
You say brainwashed.
I say made it into a game.
You call this
playing, Damon?
Vigilante justice,
mass murder.
Come on, partner.
So where is she?
She's safe.
Can I see her?
I miss her.
I miss you both.
I appreciate your concern.
But you need to go now.
I should warn you,
that asshole Gigante
is looking for Kick-Ass.
He got something to
do with you, Damon?
You started some kind of
fucked-up superhero club?
Never heard of him.
Okay, well,
heads up, all right?
You keep carrying on
like you've been carrying on,
it's only a matter of time
before Gigante is
looking for you.
He's been on Frank
D'Amico's payroll
ever since you
passed up
the opportunity.
You know
I'm not gonna stop.
Not until D'Amico
and his whole
damn operation
are burnt to ashes
and buried.
It ain't gonna
bring her back, Damon.
This is not
the life for Mindy.
You owe that kid
a childhood.
I'll tell you who
owes her a childhood!
Frank D'Amico!
Holy shit.
I don't fucking
believe it.
Follow him,
around the corner.
Not too fast.
What's with
the high-fives?
I'll give you
a motherfucking high-five.
High-fiving bullshit.
Keep going, keep going.
Not too close.
He's going in the alley.
Okay, when I tell you,
stop the car. Ready?
Hey, Kick-Ass.
How you doing?
Kill my men, huh?
Take my
fucking coke?
Whoa! Whoa! Boss,
what are you doing?
Boss, we gotta go, man.
Come on, let's go.
Fucking scumbag!
Frank, Frank, Frank,
come on, he's
had enough. Come on.
He's had enough.
Come on.
FRANK: What the fuck
are you looking at? Huh?
Frank.
Come on, come on,
come on, come on,
let's go. We gotta go.
Shit. Come on,
come on, get in.
KATIE: (CRYING) He was
so young. No one should
have to die that way.
I mean, I just
can't believe he's dead,
that's all.
DAVE: Oh, I know.
But, Katie,
guys like Rasul,
they get mixed up
in stuff...
No, I know, I know.
But what if it
was my fault?
What if Kick-Ass did it?
I mean, I feel like
I should call
the cops or something.
What? You're talking crazy.
There's no way.
He probably didn't even
read your e-mail yet.
Yeah.
You've got
nothing to worry about.
I'm so glad
you're here.
I was such a mess.
That's okay.
No problem.
You're the best.
I hope it's okay to
say this, but... It so
sucks that you're gay.
FRANK: I don't fucking
believe this.
What kind of children's
enter-fucking-tainer
is that?
Huh?
What kind of kid has a...
A Spider-Man party,
sure, but a fucking
Kick-Ass party?
What, are they
selling paper plates
and napkins down
at the store now?
Frank, you're scaring me.
You're losing it.
Since when did
you start getting
your hands dirty again?
And in public!
Since when I ask
you fucks to
deliver me Kick-Ass,
and you don't deliver,
that's when.
Hey, give me a break.
It's been a week.
We e-mailed him.
We got half the crew out
doing petty crimes as bait.
We're busting
our asses here.
What the hell
are you doing?
You're back on
the powder now,
as well?
"Mommy, I want
a Kick-Ass party."
Dumb little fucks.
(FRANK SNORTING COCAINE)
I know a way
you can get him.
Oh, shit
Chris, how long
you been there?
What the hell
are you doing?
Get the hell out.
(STAMMERING)
Do you want to
hear it or not?
Hear what?
Okay, look,
you're a superhero
and you're lonely,
but you can't trust anyone
cause either
they'll expose your
secret identity...
Comic books this kid reads
all fucking day long.
The point is
there's only one way
a superhero can
trust a stranger.
And I can be that stranger.
You just gotta
give me a chance.
I know I can do it.
I just need a few things.
Like what?
I need these things.
What, are you
fucking kidding me?
What the hell is this?
It's everything
I need.
And you might have
to screw someone over,
like Louie, or something.
Louie? (EXCLAIMS)
Hey, Chris.
Or somebody.
It doesn't have
to be Louie.
Tony.
Tony!
Tony?
I hate Tony.
Yeah, fuck Tony.
He's a scumbag.
I swear, Dad,
if you let me do this,
it's gonna work.
Tony.
Tony Romita, one of
America's most-wanted
crime kingpins,
was arrested
in Queens today
after a 911 call
from someone claiming
to be a superhero...
TODD: So, how are things
going with Katie?
Oh, just peachy.
We had a sleepover
and spent the whole night
watching the entire
Ugly Betty box set
and did pedicures.
I'm telling you,
the longer you wait,
the worse it's gonna get.
I know. I was gonna
tell her. It's just,
she seems so happy.
I don't know
when's the right time.
Now's your chance.
She didn't see that,
did she?
Hey, guys.
Hi!
Hi, sweetie.
Oh, did you watch the TV?
The new superhero guy?
How cool is that?
What?
Hey, look.
Oh? Could you
turn it up, please?
...dressed as Kick-Ass.
KATIE: Check this out.
But it seems that
far from being put off,
this individual,
who calls himself
Red Mist,
has decided to
take crime-fighting
to a new level,
as his actions last night
proved. Red Mist,
how do you see it?
Well, I guess folks have
just had enough of
living in fear, you know,
and Kick-Ass
really proved that
one individual can
make a difference.
So if anyone out there
needs help, I'll be
fighting crime 25/8.
And I'm just
one click away.
Redmist.org.
Can we turn that
off now? What's so
special about that guy?
He caught, like,
a drug dealer,
some most-wanted guy.
You saw him
bringing out like
a ton of stuff.
That's pretty cool.
He's got a way
better costume
than Kick-Ass, too.
He's got a cape.
Yeah.
Capes rock.
Yeah, I'm kind of
feeling the cape.
He looks good.
What, better
than Kick-Ass?
I mean, they're
both kind of hot.
I just think Red Mist
has a better body.
Don't you think, Dave?
Uh...
Yeah, Dave,
what do you think?
Is he the kind of guy
you'd go for,
with all that leather?
No, Marty.
No, he's not
really my type.
(THIS TOWN AIN'T BIG ENOUGH
FOR THE BOTH OF US PLAYING)
(CLATTERING)
Kick-Ass!
Red Mist.
Oh, shit! Fuck me,
that kind of hurt.
Are you okay?
Yeah, no, I'm cool.
I can't believe
you're here, man.
Like, you're my hero.
You inspired me.
No Kick-Ass, no Red Mist.
Seriously.
Wow.
Hey, really?
Straight up.
And listen, if you...
I don't know,
if you wanted me
to be your sidekick
or something...
You wanna
be my sidekick?
Yeah, man!
You and me together,
we would own!
You wanna go
fight some crime?
What you mean,
like, right now?
Yeah, man, come on.
I got something
I wanna show you.
Uh, I mean, like,
to be honest with you,
I only ever fight crime
between like 9:00
and 2:00, weekdays.
So I'm gonna need to
get back pretty soon.
Mmm-hmm.
Sweet!
Is that yours?
Meet the Mist Mobile.
SatNav. Got my
iPhone, so I can
check the websites
for emergencies when
I'm driving around.
Got a little bit
of mood lighting
right there.
Rearview camera,
no big deal.
Check this,
you're gonna
fucking love this.
The mist.
(ALL CHEERING)
Hey.
That's right,
we're superheroes.
You love us.
Smoke?
No.
I feel a little weed
takes the edge off things
when I'm on patrol, you know?
Going up against a crowd
can get kind of scary,
don't you think?
Something wrong?
Yeah. You're so
not how I expected.
Oh, I got this e-mail
from this chick.
She said this guy's
been following
her home from work.
I got her address
and stuff. You wanna
check it out?
Sure, why not?
Cool.
THUG: So we're
sitting there
totally naked, right?
I told her,
"Sit on my lap,
we'll talk about
"the first thing
that comes up."
(ALL LAUGHING)
(CELL PHONE RINGING)
FRANK: Yeah?
Just got the text.
He's on his way.
He did very good.
Don't kill him
till I get there.
Right.
Looks like reading
all them comics
paid off, huh?
Your boy did good,
Frankie.
He's his father's son.
(CRAZY PLAYING ON RADIO)
I forgot.
(CRAZY CONTINUES PLAYING)
What the fuck?
Shit.
Hey, what are you doing?
There are
people in there.
Yeah. Shouldn't
we call the fire...
Shit!
Mikey.
Fuck.
Shit. Fuck.
DAVE: Red Mist!
(COUGHING)
Red Mist! Red Mist!
(COUGHS)
Hey. Hey, man,
can you hear me? Hey.
(EXCLAIMS IN SHOCK)
Jesus Christ!
(PANTING)
Red Mist! Red Mist!
Where the fuck
are you?
(SCREAMING)
(COUGHING)
We gotta get the hell
out of here. Dude,
move your fucking ass!
(BOTH COUGHING)
Holy shit!
Did you see
those bodies?
Yeah, man.
Why'd you save
the teddy?
What?
I don't know, man.
Come on.
(KNOCKING ON DOOR)
Come.
What the hell are
you doing, Frank?
You know I can't be here.
What if somebody saw...
That motherfucker
Kick-Ass burnt down
my warehouse
and killed my men,
Gigante.
Wait, wait, wait.
Slow down. Kick-Ass?
Are you sure?
You gotta help me, Vic.
My son was there,
and he's still missing.
They're all dead!
(EXCLAIMS IN RELIEF)
Everybody in
the warehouse is dead.
Put the gun down, Vic.
It's Chris.
Chris is Red Mist?
It's not Red Mist
you gotta worry about.
It's Kick-Ass.
No, no, no, it's not.
Kick-Ass is just
some geek, Dad.
You don't have to
worry about him.
You need to watch this.
Why, what does it do?
Are you fucking
kidding me?
What?
God damn it,
just sit down.
What are you doing?
What the hell
is that thing?
You bought this
to spy on the nanny
when I was a kid.
Don't you remember?
What, and you put
it in the warehouse?
Yeah, I thought
it'd be cool
to put the unmasking
of Kick-Ass on
the Internet, okay?
Watch.
I told her,
"Sit on my lap,
we'll talk about
"the first thing
that comes up."
(ALL LAUGHING)
FRANK: Yeah?
Just got the text.
He's on his way.
He did very good.
Don't kill him
till I get there.
Right.
Who the hell
is this guy?
I don't know, Dad.
But Kick-Ass told me
we're not the only
superheroes in town.
Maybe he knows
who this guy is.
I want this place
locked down.
Nobody comes in,
nobody goes out.
Not until somebody
finds this cocksucker
and pulls his
fucking lungs out
through his ass.
MARCUS ON PHONE:
Listen, they're
on to you.
Do you hear me?
They're on to you.
I thought they were
looking for Kick-Ass.
Not anymore. Gigante
just put on a little
movie-show for us.
Different superhero
in a warehouse,
killing a whole bunch
of D'Amico's guys.
I'm gonna take
a wild guess
that was you.
I killed
all the cameras.
Apparently not.
Look, bro, you
need to get ghost.
Hide yourself quick.
Appreciate it.
Mindy,
no more homework,
baby doll.
It's time for Frank
D'Amico to go bye-bye.
(LAUGHS EXCITEDLY)
DAVE: X-Men,
the Fantastic Four, right now,
I envy the crap out of them.
Everything was
out of control.
I didn't know
what the hell to do.
You okay, buddy?
You look tired.
Early night tonight, maybe?
And there was no one
I could talk to about it.
Dave? Hello?
Yeah, you bet I will.
I'd never felt more alone.
I'd always dreamed
of being a superhero,
but this was a nightmare.
It was time to stop wearing
this stupid costume.
But there was one last thing
I needed it for.
What's the difference between
Spider-Man and Peter Parker?
Spider-Man gets the girl.
Hey, I'm Kick-Ass.
I'm Kick-Ass.
You mail me?
(EXCLAIMS IN FEAR)
Wait... (SCREAMING)
Fuck! Fuck!
Fucking freak in a mask!
Get out of my house!
I'm not gonna
hurt you, all right?
No, no, no!
It's me, it's me!
All right?
I was only trying to
surprise you. I'm...
Dave? What the fuck
are you doing?
I'm sorry.
Why are you
dressed as Kick-Ass?
Because I am Kick-Ass.
What are you
talking about?
And I'm also not gay.
Fuck!
And I'm an idiot
and a shit friend.
I lied to you, I know.
Oh, my God.
I know. If it makes
you feel any better,
I don't think you can
hate me any more right now
than I hate myself.
Please, I'm...
Look, I'm really,
really sorry.
I've never met anyone
who's as beautiful
and as kind and
lovely as you.
You deserve better.
Dave.
Yes?
My mom has
the burglar alarm
on downstairs,
so you should probably
use the window.
Or...
Or you could just stay.
Stay?
What, like when
we have a sleepover?
I'm sorry.
I didn't mean to
scare you.
Wow.
DAMON: We gotta
get over it,
on top of it,
and then into it,
right in the middle of it.
Daddy, I think
I found one.
It's perfect, and
they can deliver it
in three days.
Uh, it's 300,000 bucks.
Can you think
of anything else
you'd rather spend it on?
Oh, my gosh!
That is cool.
Yeah.
Add to shopping cart.
Okay.
TODD: Out of Kick-Ass and
Red Mist, who do you think
would win in a fight?
Why are they fighting?
That seems stupid.
What do
you think?
I don't know,
but I think
Kick-Ass is cuter.
Really?
Mmm-hmm.
I, for one, would
definitely fuck his brains
out if I got the chance.
You would?
Definitely.
Do you feel like
checking out that
new Kate Hudson movie
where she's like
a shoe designer,
can't get a guy?
I think we could
make the next showing.
Hell, yeah.
I guess we're
not invited.
All right.
You know what?
Come here.
I'm going to convert
you to a comics
reader right now.
DAVE: Suddenly, I understood
why superheroes only
existed in comic books.
I got why people
didn't risk their lives
for strangers.
Because for
the first time in my life,
I had something
worth living for,
something to lose.
Katie worried
about me getting hurt,
so I promised her
my Kick-Ass days were over.
And the truth was
I hardly missed it at all.
I hadn't even checked
the website for,
like, a week.
Okay, I'm off then.
No Katie tonight?
Tomorrow.
Wednesdays, she's got
one of those
volunteer things.
You seem like
a different guy,
you know that?
Your mom would
have been so happy
to see you out of
your shell like this.
Have a good night.
(CELL PHONE RINGING)
Hey, baby.
KATIE: Hey,
what's going on?
I gotta do
a Kick-Ass thing.
What? I thought you
were done with that.
This is the last time.
I totally swear.
I worry about you.
Well, I wish
you wouldn't worry.
I can't help it.
I do because I...
I care about you a lot.
I care about you
a lot, too.
DAVE: This better be
pretty serious, dude,
cause I promised
my girlfriend
that I'm done
with all this shit.
How about both
of us being dead?
Is that serious
enough for you?
Dead? How?
It turns out
those dead guys
from the warehouse
had some bad
motherfuckers
for friends,
and they think
we did that shit.
There's a price
on our heads, man.
A price on our heads?
What is this,
the Wild West?
I'm not messing
with you, dude.
They found out
where I lived.
They trashed my place.
I'm fucking screwed.
And you're
gonna be next, okay?
What?
Shit.
What do we do?
Remember you mentioned
that there are
other superheroes?
Yeah?
Well, do you think
they can help us?
Hot chocolate,
extra marshmallows.
(EXCLAIMS)
Man, that looks
even cooler than
it did in the picture.
Child, you know,
that's because
in the picture,
it didn't have
Gatling guns.
Nice job.
I'm gonna take
mine to bed, okay?
Okay, baby doll.
Sleep tight.
(COMPUTER BEEPING)
Thanks.
Kick-Ass?
DAMON: Mmm-hmm.
You go get dressed.
I'll tell him to
meet us at Safe House B.
We'll have
our hot chocolate
when we get back.
Okay, Daddy.
Come on.
(CELL PHONE BEEPING)
There you go.
All right.
Do you know
where that is?
No, but I'll just
put it in the GPS.
It's what it's for.
All right, let's go.
Shit.
(TIRES SCREECHING)
Okay, okay, okay.
(INHALES DEEPLY)
Well, here you are
and Red Mist, too.
Pleasure to meet you.
Good to meet you, sir.
Please, come in.
After you.
Hit Girl,
manners, honey.
Hi, I'm Hit Girl.
No!
Your ass is mine!
Come on.
No, he's with me.
He's okay.
Shut the fuck up, kid.
Your daddy's the boss.
You go home.
Are you shitting me?
No, he's fine.
He's with me.
Let him go.
THUG: Get out of here.
Get the fuck out of here.
Hot damn.
I always wanted
one of these.
You're seriously
gonna take that?
Yes.
Come on,
sweet cheeks.
If you don't get
your wannabe superhero
ass in the car...
That's funny.
...you're gonna
have a lot of trouble
on your hands.
That's really funny.
You're so fired.
Kick-Ass...
Get him out of here.
Get him in the van.
Let go of me.
Put me down.
Kick-Ass, I'm sorry!
Get in the car.
Get in there!
You better
fire this asshole.
Ignore him...
A bazooka?
Okay.
We had a deal, Dad.
We had a fucking deal
that I would get you
the guy who did it,
and all I'm asking is
you let Kick-Ass go.
He didn't do anything wrong.
Chris, you got to
look at this from
my point of view. Okay?
I gotta send
a public service message
to the people out there
that being a superhero
is bad for your health.
And the Big motherfucker?
Nobody knows who he is.
Yeah, but
that's not fair!
Yeah, life's
not fair, kid.
Get over it.
What are you
gonna do to them?
You really wanna be
a part of my business?
Yeah.
Then sit down,
shut up and watch.
Frank, we're ready.
Enjoy the show.
Are you controlling
this right now?
I sure am.
Big Brother,
watch and learn.
Welcome back.
Breaking News.
A worldwide web broadcast
of the New York superhero
who calls himself Kick-Ass
is about to be shown live.
Rumors have it that
this will be Kick-Ass's
farewell appearance,
that he will announce
his retirement
from crime fighting.
But as word of mouth
continues to spread,
Internet providers
are predicting that
it could be one of
the most widely-viewed
live events in web history.
Wait, where's Dave?
There are no clues as yet
as to the exact nature...
Holy shit.
Have you guys
noticed...
He's with Katie.
Obviously.
...come to
a standstill to watch.
Why else
would I be here?
There's no idea
as to who is behind
the broadcast of this show,
but we could see
widespread server crashes...
Dave, why didn't
you tell me this is
what you were doing?
You're on the news.
Call me.
We go now over live
to the countdown clock
as we are moments away.
Show time.
Hello, boys and girls.
Now, this...
Well, you know
who this guy is.
And this guy
here is Big Daddy.
And these
are my friends.
Come on in, guys,
say hello.
Yeah, yeah,
there they are.
Hello, hello.
Now Big Daddy
and Kick-Ass are
gonna help us
show you why being
a hero is a bad idea.
You know what
a silent "K" is?
That's when "K"
is at the beginning
of the word,
but you don't pronounce it.
Like in the word
"Knuckleduster."
Show them what
a knuckleduster
can do, guy.
(GASPS)
JOE: That must have hurt!
Let's see that again
from the other side.
Go on. Yeah,
I think it did.
Now in France,
they say the word "stick"
like this, bton.
We got some of
Kick-Ass's btons.
We're gonna show
you what they can do.
Go ahead, boys.
(GROANING)
(ALL GASPING)
In America,
we say "stick" like this.
Baseball bat.
(LAUGHING)
Which is very good
for hitting
knees and stomachs.
It's also good
for hitting balls.
Know what else we do?
We don't do them
individually.
We do them all together.
Gentlemen, please.
Yeah. Oh, this
looks very painful.
(PAUSING VIDEO)
NEWSCASTER: Due to
the distressing nature
of the images,
we are unable to
broadcast the events
currently streaming
live on the Internet.
Fuck.
No. No, no, no.
NEWSCASTER: Despite
initial speculation
that this may be
some kind of hoax
or publicity stunt,
it is now clear
that the hostages
are in genuine danger,
that all signs point to
the intention to stage
a live execution in
the next few minutes.
DAVE: Even with my
metal plates and my
fucked-up nerve endings,
I got to tell you,
that hurt.
JOE: The kerosene.
Yes, the silent killer.
DAVE: But not half as much
as the idea of leaving
everything behind.
Katie,
my dad,
Todd and Marty.
And all the things
I'd never do,
like learn to drive,
or see what
me and Katie's kids
would look like
or find out
what happened on Lost.
Spicy, spicy.
And if you're
reassuring yourself
that I'm gonna make it
through this since
I'm talking to you now,
quit being such a smartass.
Hell, dude,
you never seen Sin City,
Sunset Blvd.,
American Beauty?
And this, for all
you cavemen out there,
is fire.
No.
I know.
Fire. Fire is good.
Fire is our friend.
Yeah, yeah.
JOE: Gentlemen,
time to die.
(GUN FIRING)
What the...
MAN 1: What the fuck
just happened? Hey, hey.
Somebody find the lights.
MAN 2: Hello!
MAN 3: Jimmy.
Jesus Christ.
MAN 4: Bobby? Bobby?
(GUN COCKING)
JOE: Get the lighter!
It's on the floor
right over there.
Find the lighter.
(GUN FIRING)
I got it.
(GASPING)
(PANTING)
No!
Take cover, child.
Now switch
to Kryptonite.
Kryptonite.
(HIGH-PITCHED BEEPING)
(HOWLING)
Go to Robin's Revenge!
Robin, Robin.
(DAMON CONTINUES HOWLING)
Show's over,
motherfuckers.
(LAUGHS)
Yeah! I think I'm in
love with her, dude.
She looks like
she's about 11
years old, but...
I can wait!
I solemnly vow to
save myself for her.
That should be
really difficult for you.
Are you okay?
Yeah.
Whoa!
Good job.
I'm so proud of you,
baby doll.
Are you okay?
Uh-huh.
But getting shot, Daddy,
it hurt a lot more
than when you did it.
That's 'cause I used
low velocity rounds, child.
You're the kindest daddy
in the whole world.
No, I just...
I love you.
I love you, too, Daddy.
Sleep tight.
What's your name?
I mean your real name.
A superhero
never reveals
his true identity.
What? Look,
you can't go on...
However you lived before,
it's over.
Is there anybody else?
Your family or...
Look, I can
take care of myself.
I saved your sorry ass.
What about money, huh?
All right, 'cause you
got to think long term.
I've got $3 million
in a suitcase.
That "long term"
enough for you?
It's not all
about the money.
I owe you.
If it wasn't for you,
I'd be dead.
And if it
wasn't for you,
my dad wouldn't be.
DAVE: Look, uh,
pack up whatever
you need and we'll
go back to my place.
I just need to clean my...
Just go.
Whoa! I meant like pajamas
and clothes and stuff.
You can't take that
stuff to my house.
You know what
my dad really
would have wanted?
(COCKS GUN)
He would have
wanted me to finish
what we started.
And that's exactly
what I'm gonna do.
Is this Frank
D'Amico's place?
All that security?
Are you crazy?
My mom already
died for nothing.
So I'm sure as hell
not gonna let my dad
die for nothing, too.
You can't do this
on your own.
Exactly.
Do you wanna deal
with owing my dad?
Then shut the hell up
and pick your weapon.
Is that
what I think it is?
Damn straight.
Oh, and you better
start reading
the instructions,
cause you're gonna be
using it in
about five minutes.
Yo, listen up.
We got five minutes,
then I want you
back on your posts.
And don't leave a mess.
Everything okay?
Everything's
all right, boss.
I can't believe
I got my gun back.
Look at that.
You know, it's not the...
Let her in.
It's a little kid.
What's the matter
with you?
You okay, sweetheart?
I...
I lost my mommy
and daddy.
She lost her
mommy and daddy.
You want to use
my cell phone?
Now can you
remember the number?
(MUFFLED) Help!
DAVE: Had I ever been
a real superhero?
The most I'd ever
had to offer the world
was good intentions
and a slightly
elevated capacity
to take a kicking.
With no power comes
no responsibility.
Except that wasn't true.
(ELEVATOR DINGS)
(GUN FIRES)
MAN: Did you
hear that?
Holy shit.
Take cover, please.
(BAD REPUTATION PLAYING)
(WHIMPERING)
Shit.
No.
(GUN CLICKS)
Shit.
(ELEVATOR DINGS)
What the fuck?
Get in here.
Help me out!
Holy fuck, Fashion,
everybody's dead.
She's behind the counter.
She's out of ammo, okay?
(PANTING)
Do you think
they got them?
If they didn't,
he will.
Get out there.
Now?
Yeah, now.
What the fuck
is going on?
We got her trapped.
She's unarmed.
So what in the hell
are you guys waiting for?
Go get her.
Go on, man.
I ain't got
no fucking gun.
I'm not going in.
You do now.
Now move.
Fuck this shit.
I'm getting the bazooka.
Bazooka?
It's only me, boss.
Everything's under control.
Under control?
You're grabbing
a fucking bazooka,
you dumbass.
Sir?
Do it.
I always wanted
to say this.
Say hello to
my little friend!
(WHIRRING)
(BATTLE HYMN OF THE REPUBLIC
PLAYING)
Dirty motherfuckers!
(SHOUTING)
Holy shit.
(LAUGHING)
That is one
weird-sounding bazooka.
Stu!
Fuck!
Get him.
Playtime's over, kid.
(SCOFFS)
I never play.
Oh, really?
(GROANS)
(SCREAMING)
(COUGHS)
Ruin my business, huh?
Kill every single
fucking guy on my payroll?
God, I wish
I had a son like you.
(GUN COCKING)
Time for a family reunion.
DAVE: Hey.
Why don't you
pick on someone
your own size?
(SCREAMING)
(GROANS)
Are you okay?
Yeah.
Time to go home.
(GROANING)
Thanks, Kick-Ass.
My daddy,
he would have been
proud of both of us.
Dave.
Dave Lizewski.
I know that,
dumbass.
(LAUGHS)
Mindy.
Mindy Macready.
Have a good day. Bye.
Bye.
DAVE: Mindy moved in
with Marcus, and he
enrolled her at my school.
Bye.
Good luck.
DAVE: First school
she'd ever been to,
on the promise that
I'd look out for her.
Hey.
Not that she needed me to.
Hey, new kid.
Hi.
Lunch money.
Now.
(CRACKS KNUCKLES)
(BOYS GROANING)
DAVE: Kick-Ass was gone,
but not forgotten.
And my world was much safer
with all the new superheroes.
They said I was
their inspiration,
but all I did was
make a door into a world
I'd dreamed about
since I was a little kid.
A world full
of superheroes, huh?
As a great man once said,
"Wait till they
get a load of me."